## The Domestication of Dogs
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The reading passage argues that the domestication of dogs can be explained by three compelling theories. On the other hand, the lecturer brings up several points to oppose the ideas presented in the reading.<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; First of all, the speaker points out that people would not have adopted wolves as their hunting partners. This is supported by the fact that ancient people set traps and hid quietly nearby, while wolves chased after their prey. This means that it would have been extremely difficult for people to hunt with wolves. Also, it is doubtful that people would have trained wolves because they become more aggressive as they <ins>age</ins>. This strongly contradicts the author's claim that dogs <ins>descended from</ins> wolves that were trained by people.<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Second, the professor claims that the domestication of dogs happened much earlier than 16,000 years ago. The reason is that footprints of a boy and a dog were found in France. An analysis showed that they are at least 26,000 years old. This casts doubt on the author's assertion that the domestication of dogs started 16,000 years ago.<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Finally, the lecturer asserts that dogs were domesticated in more than one place. This is because the oldest dog fossils were found in Europe, North America, and Middle East. Moreover, the DNA of dogs showed that they had four distinct ancestors from different locations. This goes against the writer's view that dogs became domesticated in China and spread out to other regions.<br/>

<br/>

## The Etruscan Migration
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The reading passage argues that <ins>the origin of the</ins> Etruscans can be explained by three compelling reasons. On the other hand, the lecturer brings up several points to oppose the ideas presented in the reading.<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; First of all, the speaker points out that ancient DNA <ins>studies are unreliable</ins>. This is supported by the fact that <ins>the DNA that was analyzed was from thousands of years ago</ins>. This means that it could have been severely damaged. Also, it is doubtful that it has not been contaminated because many people <ins>have had contact with</ins> the DNA. This strongly contradicts the author's claim that <ins>the DNA evidence verifies</ins> the origin of the Etruscans.<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Second, the professor claims that the Etruscan language is not related to Turkish. The reason is that different languages can share similar alphabets. This means that sharing similar alphabets <ins>cannot be a conclusive link to connect</ins> Estrucan <ins>to</ins> Turkish. In fact, the Etruscan language could be the only surviving memeber of its language family. This casts doubt on the author's assertion that the Etruscan language <ins>originated from</ins> Turkish.<br/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Finally, the lecturer asserts that shared funerary practices do not indicate that the Etruscans have Turkish origins. This is because cremation had been existed in northen Italy before the Etruscan civilization was established. This means that the Etruscans were simply the successors to these traditions in the local region. This goes against the writer's view that funerary practices reveal that the Etruscans <ins>have</ins> Turkish <ins>roots</ins>.<br/>

<br/>

## The Origin of Scotland Forts
